you're right I should talk more at that
was a really really nice intro there
from from the robot what's going on his
power we're down here on the CES 2009
floor and we're standing here with the
wow we folks and this is Michael rush
and I've got a couple new things they're
showing off one of them being this new
guy right here and of course why he's
been a big company in terms of bringing
like like robotics into the house and
making it fun and and you know I've like
lusted after the the rovio since i since
I've seen it and and this looks like
this thing looks really really cool
we've been playing with it and it seems
like one of the most fun toys I've seen
on the floor his name is jo baat he's
not your average Joe Sarah Palin would
say Joe the Plumber perhaps he's a
beatboxer so basically what he can do is
uh you actually can tap out a rhythm on
his body he'll sense it and then be able
to repeat it in store it later why we
actually came out with the original
robosapien in 2004 so he's really a next
generation of that he's got a lot more
content built into him he can dance walk
he's got games he tells jokes and then
there's also a battle mode that you can
put him into that causes his I our hands
to detect objects and if you have a
regular TV mode you remote you can
actually engage him in battle I gotta
say he's a little rude because we're
sitting or having a conversation and he
keeps trying to interrupt us yeah his
that what I think we're triggering his
ir sensor so every time we move in front
of them he's going to make some sort of
quip but if you want I can show you the
beatbox boat here yeah what kind of
stuff does he do I want to see some
action here alright so he just said chop
out a rhythm and I'll repeat the beat so
maybe the little buddy that's say let's
bake let's put him in a battle mode he
will all right watch I start firing it
yet he's very aggressive well you can uh
calm him down with your TV yes I was
gonna say this seems like a like a
one-sided battle how do I fight back
well if I had a TV remote I'd hand it
off to you so you could uh causing the
simmer down here but at me there yeah
yeah but um he dances some of the more
calm features so you're able to so like
if I had a TV remote I would be able to
blast back at him and he would react to
that you'd be like oh you hit me oh you
hit me again and then eventually he'd
play dead oh that's incredibly cool so
when you what is this one going to be
hitting the market this will be out
probably late summer on july it'll be
about ninety nine dollars right on well
thanks for showing off and you said he
was a jo baat right nice to meet you
there jo baat yes thank you all right
thank you Michael appreciate it
you